more data than ever before.
This data is priceless.
The big question is, do we make the
best usage of big data in education?
Big data is a key to
understanding how students students are learning.
Data driven education relies on academic assessment
as an integral part of continuous development.
Whether you report your assessment findings for internal
or accreditation purposes, there has been a common
problem with data scattered between different sources.
Scattered data makes it very time consuming and
in some cases, impossible to analyze and visualize.
This problem puts a burden on teachers and administrators
to make the best use of their data.
In some cases, it prevents institutions
from seeing the big picture.
Introducing EdVeu's Reporting Tool
A tool that offers a solution to make big assessment
data more accessible to stakeholders.
EdVeu's Reporting Tool streamlines the
assessment process through LMS integration.
Integrating with your learning management system.
The reporting tool helps your institution
keep data centralized in one location.
EdVeu's Reporting Tool takes the assessment data from
your LMS and it offers analytics and visualizations.
You no longer have to manage your
academic assessment data through various platforms.
In no time and with a userfriendly
interface, teachers and administrators could generate learning
outcomes and rubrics reports for all purposes.
You could also map your learning outcomes
and rubrics to institutional goals or state
outcomes with our curriculum mapping feature.
Take advantage of your LMS data and provide
your stakeholder with easy access
to see the big picture and ensure student success.